README.md, before:

# Angular Boilerplate with ui-router, Gulp, SCSS, and Node.js

This repository is a set up for an Angular single page site. There is already a file structure setup in the public folder that gulp will use to compile and compress your code and move to and create a dist folder. The node server is set up ready to connect to an SQL databse using massive.

## IMPORTANT CONFIG.JS

This document also includes a blank config.js file. You will be putting in your passwords to ensure security and connection info to your database. Make sure you add the config.js to the .gitignore file, otherwise when you commit and push your code it will be online for all to see, use, and abuse.

### Installing

After cloning the repo run NPM install to install the needed modules. If you need to install Node.js and NPM it can be downloaded here: [Node offical site](https://nodejs.org/en/download/).

### Gulp

Gulp is set up to compile and compress your HTML, SCSS, and JS. It will move it all into another folder called dist that it will create and manage. When you run the node server it is set up already to use that folder for hosting. One major advantage of Gulp is that you don't have to keep adding files to be referenced in your index.html file since you are compressing it all into one file just referencing the single CSS file in the head and JS file on the bottom will catch them all.

To run gulp type 'gulp' in the root directory of the repo after you run NPM install and it will run all the tasks found in the gulpfile.js and keep recompiling every time a change to a file has been created. If you create a new file you will need to stop gulp by pressing ctrl-c and then rerun gulp.

Gulp is also set up to compile your ES6 javascript to ES5, so feel free to use all the ES6 you want.

### SCSS

SCSS is a CSS pre-processed language, meaning gulp will go through and convert SCSS to CSS, because the browser does not understand SCSS. SCSS understands all CSS and some extra goodies, like variable creation and minor logic. If you want to learn more about SCSS you can visit there official site here: [SASS offical site](http://sass-lang.com/). (SASS and SCSS are very similar so don't be confused that the site says SASS. Going to the learn page will teach you how to use both).

The File structure of SCSS is under the styles folder in public. There are 4 files outside the views folders, these are the files you can use to set up a lot of cool features. The most important one is the reference.scss file. you have to include the file path to every file you create and want to use. If you don't gulp will not add it to the bundle.css file.

All but the reference.scss file start their name with a _ character. This is a special setup SCSS uses, it is needed if you want to use the variables and mixins from the other documents. You dont need to include the _ when adding the file to the reference doc.

### Node.js

Node is a server language that uses javascript as its base. This boilerplate sets up some basic functionality for a server, including CORS, body parser, and massive. CORS and body parser handle formating your http requests and massive is a way to connect to your database. There are sections ready to go for adding in other features when you need them.

Commit message:

fixed typos on readme and added making it your own section

README.md, after:

# Angular Boilerplate with ui-router, Gulp, SCSS, and Node.js

This repository is a set up for an Angular single page site. There is already a file structure setup in the public folder that gulp will use to compile and compress your code and move to and create a dist folder. The node server is set up ready to connect to an SQL databse using massive.

## IMPORTANT CONFIG.JS

This document also includes a blank config.js file. You will be putting in your passwords to ensure security and connection info to your database. Make sure you add the config.js to the .gitignore file, otherwise when you commit and push your code it will be online for all to see, use, and abuse.

### Installing

After cloning the repo run NPM install to install the needed modules. If you need to install Node.js and NPM it can be downloaded here: [Node offical site](https://nodejs.org/en/download/).

### Making this your own

Chances are you don't want your project to be called Angular-boilerplate and you want to push this to a new repo that is named more appropriately for you project, and pushing to your new repo.

Easy way is to create a new repo on your github. Then on the command line while inside of your respository do git remote add (new repo URL). This will push this project to the new repo. Then you can rename the folder to reflect your new project.

### Gulp

Gulp is set up to compile and compress your HTML, SCSS, and JS. It will move it all into another folder called dist that it will create and manage. When you run the node server it is set up already to use that folder for hosting. One major advantage of Gulp is that you don't have to keep adding files to be referenced in your index.html file since you are compressing it all into one file just referencing the single CSS file in the head and JS file on the bottom will catch them all.

To run gulp type 'gulp' in the root directory of the repo after you run NPM install and it will run all the tasks found in the gulpfile.js and keep recompiling every time a change to a file has been created. If you create a new file you will need to stop gulp by pressing ctrl-c and then rerun gulp.

Gulp is also set up to compile your ES6 javascript to ES5, so feel free to use all the ES6 you want.

### SCSS

SCSS is a CSS pre-processed language, meaning gulp will go through and convert SCSS to CSS, because the browser does not understand SCSS. SCSS understands all CSS and some extra goodies, like variable creation and minor logic. If you want to learn more about SCSS you can visit there official site here: [SASS offical site](http://sass-lang.com/). (SASS and SCSS are very similar so don't be confused that the site says SASS. Going to the learn page will teach you how to use both).

The File structure of SCSS is under the styles folder in public. There are 4 files outside the views folders, these are the files you can use to set up a lot of cool features. The most important one is the reference.scss file. you have to include the file path to every file you create and want to use. If you don't gulp will not add it to the bundle.css file.

All but the reference.scss file start their name with a _ character. This is a special setup SCSS uses, it is needed if you want to use the variables and mixins from the other documents. You dont need to include the _ when adding the file to the reference doc.

### Node.js

Node is a server language that uses javascript as its base. This boilerplate sets up some basic functionality for a server, including CORS, body parser, and massive. CORS and body parser handle formating your http requests and massive is a way to connect to your database. There are sections ready to go for adding in other features when you need them.
